content/visuals/haunted-house.md, before:

---
title: Dismal Decay
type: visuals
cover: /img/haunted-house-cover.png
description: Places and moods plays an important role in our music, especially centennial homes with dusty attics and the looming or imagined feeling that unspeakable things have happened there. Dusty glass, trapped spirits, the fading light.
---

{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-5.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="5" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-20.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="7" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-illu-1.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="4" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-11.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="4" end="7" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-12.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-29.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="5" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-10.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="8" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-16.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="3" end="6" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-illu-2.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Tommy Poirier-Morissette updated content/visuals/haunted-house.md

content/visuals/haunted-house.md, after:

---
title: Dismal Decay
cover: "/img/haunted-house-cover.png"
description: |
  There are places where shadows live, hiding in the attics of forgotten places, their whispers a century old, believing they were forgotten. There is a place we often like to visit, peeled and staggered by time, nestled in the forest, overlooking a field with empty eyes. We make friends with the ghosts there. They dance around our lantern light, watching us from the corners as we breathe their dust, as we observe ourselves in abandoned mirrors where, if we look closely enough, we might be able to see them too. Sometimes we let an older darkness enter us, becoming long-clawed entities crawling up from the bowels of the earth. But as the sun sets the ghosts spread their cold limbs longer, and no one is afraid; they join us out on the grass, and together we dig graves to bury our broken pieces, watering them with blood in the night’s embrace, so when they reemerge the veil parts, and through each other we can sing.

  Photos featuring us both taken by Cimmerian: https://www.instagram.com/cimmerian.co/

---
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-5.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="5" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-20.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="7" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-illu-1.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="4" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-11.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="4" end="7" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-12.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-29.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="5" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-10.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="8" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-16.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="3" end="6" %}}
![](/img/haunted-house/haunted-house-illu-2.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
