content/visuals/the-void.md, before:

---

title: The Void, Transmuted
type: visuals
cover: /img/body-horror-cover.png
description: Enshrouded, covered, buried deep inside.
color: bcafbf
secondaryColor: 66536b

---

{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-11.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="4" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-9.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="4" end="7" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-18.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="8" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-37.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="5" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-40.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="8" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-39.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="5" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-29.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="8" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-illu-2.png)
![](/img/the-void/the-void-32.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}





{{% gridItem start="3" end="6" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-illu-1.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Tommy Poirier-Morissette updated content/visuals/dark-arts.md Tommy Poirier-Morissette updated content/visuals/the-void.md Tommy Poirier-Morissette updated content/visuals/vampyr.md

content/visuals/the-void.md, after:

---
title: The Void, Transmuted
cover: "/img/body-horror-cover.png"
description: "Enshrouded, wrapped in layers that bend light and obscure form, there
  is something waiting to to emerge. Incubation, transmutation. It begins as a pulsing
  red heart, bleeding into open hands. Soon, skin stretches across a vertebra, recoiling
  against the darkness it was once accustomed to. Fear dissolves in the light, however,
  and she is born. Fingers gouge through the cocoon, tearing as blood seeps, and steam
  disperses into open air. Layers slide off her skin—not one, but many—and soon she
  is free. Though she may not yet see the stars, deep inside this womb of becoming,
  she is not alone, and she has what she needs: a heart and a body reclaimed.    \n"
color: bcafbf
secondaryColor: 66536b

---
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-11.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="4" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-9.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="4" end="7" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-18.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="8" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-37.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="5" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-40.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="8" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-39.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="5" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-29.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="8" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-illu-2.png)
![](/img/the-void/the-void-32.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}





{{% gridItem start="3" end="6" %}}
![](/img/the-void/the-void-illu-1.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
