content/visuals/vampyr.md, before:

---
title: Vampyr
type: visuals
cover: /img/vampyr-cover.png
description: Answer the distant calls of the creatures of the night
color: 9a0510
secondaryColor: 5d1616
---

{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-3.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="5" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-4.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="8" fill="true" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-6.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="8" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-illu-2.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="4" fill="true" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-11.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="4" end="7" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-7.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-5.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="3" end="6" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-illu-3.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-8.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="8" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-illu-1.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Tommy Poirier-Morissette updated content/visuals/dark-arts.md Tommy Poirier-Morissette updated content/visuals/the-void.md Tommy Poirier-Morissette updated content/visuals/vampyr.md

content/visuals/vampyr.md, after:

---
title: Vampyr
cover: "/img/vampyr-cover.png"
description: 'Oh wretched, delicate creature, how long have you lived in your castle
  made of stone? Your skin is bloodless, your claws are long. You are married to darkness,
  but you have never forgotten the sun. Where is your family? The bones are your friends
  now, for you are the teller of untold tales, the keeper of the unkept. Your lovers
  may offer you their throat, but still your jaw locks and your heart breaks. Nothing
  ever feels like it is yours to take. How long have you suffered? How long have you
  carried the weight of rotting bones as they long to rest in dawn’s embrace? I can
  see that you are tired, but still you sing songs in the crypts of your ancestors,
  in the absence of all life. You were born dead, but you fight the darkest night.
  You are strange, dear creature. And you can learn to love your loneliness—but you
  must love your madness, too. And know one day that the light shall hold you again,
  releasing the pain like ash in the wind.

'
color: 9a0510
secondaryColor: 5d1616

---
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-3.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="5" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-4.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="5" end="8" fill="true" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-6.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="8" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-illu-2.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="4" fill="true" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-11.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="4" end="7" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-7.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-5.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="3" end="6" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-illu-3.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="2" end="7" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-8.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
{{% gridItem start="1" end="8" %}}
![](/img/vampyr/vampyr-illu-1.png)
{{% /gridItem %}}
